Feedback R workshop at UW
2014-03-17 morning

Intro to R and RStudio (Bernhard)
---------------------------------


To improve:
-----------

Video at beginning a little silly

could go faster +5

Bernhard knows what he's talking about but explaining could be more clear and concise

Bernhard wasn't sure what he was doing. Improved later, so maybe just nerves, but it was sort of unfocused.

Intro too basic for those who have used R before, but I get why you do it...

more examples

maybe less intro and jump into RStudio earlier

To get same plot from random noise use set.seed()

Would have liked to get overview of and motivation for R

Assume that we all have a workspace that is in use. So start morning session by having us create a new workspace just for bootcamp


Good/Keep:
----------

Liked stepping through RStudio

Good pace for beginners +11

Nice R/RStudio tips&tricks +1 

I appreciate getting started correctly

Clear and easy to follow +4

Good movie clip to illustrate principles (tools, organization)

Great combination of concepts and specific examples

Never used RStudio before, but I will now




Care and feeding of R objects (Jenny)
-------------------------------------


To improve:
-----------

More examples

Time to set up files and save to local drive and folder could be reduced so that we have more time for R itself

Needed a little more time for the challenge

Transitioning from web scrape of gDat to saving file on disc was a bit confusing. Instead, how about just start at 2nd step?


Good/Keep
----------

Good pace +5

I knew most of this already but it was still useful

Good presenter

Liked the challenge +3

Clear and easy to follow +3

Really good intro to R using data.frames

with() was very useful

Great combination of concepts and specific examples

Data.frame and subset very helpful along with tab, Alt+- pointers

Enjoyeed R data.frames

Would have liked to see more advanced R data.frame manipulation


General comments:
-----------------


To improve:
-----------

Have setup help at 8:30am, then assume everyone to have software installed before class.

Would be nice to spend more time on exploring built-in R functions. Especially for those of us with little R experience.

No free coffee!

Hard to read screen when at the very bottom +1

Be more specific about the learning goals for the session

Would like to see more output/graphing options

I'm not 100% familiar with all the code terms (like "comma delimited file"). Could you please give a little 1 sentence explanation for each term?


Good/Keep:
----------

Everything makes sense and I feel like I am learning a lot

Resources are very useful

Glad exploring alternatives

Excellent use of chat, stickies, lecture

I like that we have lots of resources

tab completion to minimize typing (and thus typos) excellent
